	The purpose of this study is to determine the effect of the Covid-19 pandemic on the rates and methods of transportation, energy consumed, energy charges, and gas prices in New York City. The data used was collected slightly before, during, and after the pandemic and was cleaned of outliers that inhibited the efficacy of certain data visualizations. The specific questions to be answered are: 
	1. How has the energy charge and energy consumption changed over time? Are they correlated?
	2. Has the consumer usage of cars/buses affected gas prices?
	3. Has public transportation usage returned to pre-pandemic levels?
	4. Has preference for public transportation changed after 2020?
	Analysis of the data supports the notion that energy consumption and charges appear to be correlated, with a correlation coefficient of 0.83. Furthermore, for every year tested, as energy consumption increased, so did energy charges. Energy consumption and charges peaked around August for each of the years tested.
	When determining if consumer usage rates of cars and buses affected gas prices, a correlation coefficient of 0.92 supports the notion that there is a positive relationship between the usage rates of automotives and the price of gas during the time frame studied. When studying the visuals created with the data, it becomes clear that the drastic drop in automotive traffic and gas prices, between February 2020 to June 2020 (the pandemic lockdown months), are connected. 
	When assessing if public transportation usage has returned to pre-pandemic levels, a line graph and grouped bar chart of the different transportation methods usage over time was employed. When analyzing these graphs, it was determined that overall ridership levels are gradually increasing after the pandemic but are still far from the levels they were before, with the exception of B&T and AAR Ridership. B&T and AAR ridership appear to have largely recovered to that of the pre-pandemic levels.
	In regard to assessing if the preference for public transportation has changed after the pandemic, two pie charts were made depicting the pre and post-pandemic percentages of transportation types in regards to the whole. It was discovered that there is a transition away from subway usage towards bridges and tunnels, with subway usage (pre-pandemic) taking up 61.3% of total NYC transportation and changing to 53.5%. Conversely, pre-pandemic levels of bridges and tunnels usage accounted for only 11.9% of all travel in NYC but increased to 21.4% post-pandemic. 
